update README for verifyWith feature (#83)
nimakaviani/managed-delivery-k8s-plugin: README.md

</details>

### Verify With

> This plugin supports environment validation using Kubernetes Job. An example configuration is provided below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin supports running validations against a managed delivery environment using a Kubernetes Job. An example configuration is provided below:
```

```yaml
name: test1
application: testapp
serviceAccount: keeltest-service-account
artifacts:
- name: nabuskey/test
  type: docker
  reference: my-docker-artifact
  tagVersionStrategy: increasing-tag
environments:
  - name: dev
    verifyWith: 
    - account: deploy-experiments # specifies which account to launch Kubernetes job.
      jobNamePrefix: my-prefix # Optional. If supplied, job names created by the plugin will start with this. 
      type: k8s/job@v1
      manifest: 
        metadata:
          # generateName: myname # Optional. If this field is specified, name will follow this field value. 
          name: not-used # the name field is ignored
          namespace: dev
        spec:
          template:
            spec:
              containers:
              - name: verify
                image: alpine
                command: ["ash",  "-c", "sleep 5; exit 0 "]
              restartPolicy: Never
          backoffLimit: 2
    locations:
      account: deploy-experiments
      regions: []
    resources: []
```

> The Kubernetes job name is generated as `<PREFIX>-verify-<APPLICATION>-<ENVIRONMENT>-<ARTIFACT_VERSION><RANDOM_5_CHARS>"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes job name is generated as `<PREFIX>-verify-<APPLICATION>-<ENVIRONMENT>-<ARTIFACT_VERSION>-<RANDOM_5_CHARS>"`
```

> For the specification above with artifact version 10, the name is generated as `my-prefix-verify-testapp-dev-10`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example, for the yaml specification above with a given artifact version `10`, a generated name could look something like the following: `my-prefix-verify-testapp-dev-10-uvxyz`
```

> Jobs specified under `verifyWith` are executed after artifact promotion and environment is successfully matched to desired state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jobs specified under `verifyWith` are executed after promoting artifacts and when the environment is successfully matched to the desired end state.
```

```

## Troubleshooting

> ### Kubernetes Resource Handling

Reviewer: do we expect anything to go in this section?

### Discovering Resources

- All kubernetes resources deployed via the plugin are labeled with the label `md.spinnaker.io/plugin: k8s`.
- Spinnaker's clouddriver labels deployed resources with the name of the application, e.g. for
  an application named `spinmd`, your created Kubernetes resources for this application are labeled with
  `app.kubernetes.io/name: spinmd`.
  
The combination should allow you to query for application resources created by the plugin.

Example commands:
```bash
# Get all resources created by this plugin
kubectl get all -l md.spinnaker.io/plugin -A
# Get all resources belongs to application named spinmd
kubectl get all -l md.spinnaker.io/plugin=k8s,app.kubernetes.io/name=spinmd -A
# Get jobs created by verifyWith for environment named dev
kubectl get job -l md.spinnaker.io/verify-environment=dev -A
```

> ### Cleaning up resources

Reviewer: probably better to put the section on `cleaning of resources` outside of the troubleshooting section.
